.\" -*- nroff -*-
.Dd $Mdocdate$
.Dt JETPACK.CONF 5
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm jetpack.conf
.Nd Configuration file for
.Xr jetpack 1
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The file
.Nm
contains runtime configuration for
.Xr jetpack 1 .
.Pp
TODO: describe properties file syntax
.Pp
.Ss Essential Variables
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Va root.zfs
.Pq Dq Li zroot/jetpack
Root ZFS dataset for Jetpack runtime data
.It Va mds.signing-key
.Pq unset, obligatory
Secret for signing feature of the metadata service encoded as a
hexadecimal string. Run
.Ql openssl rand -hex 32
to generate a new key.
.It Va mds.token-key
.Pq unset, highly recommended
Secret for generating authenticated URLs for the metadata service,
encoded as a hexadecimal string. Run
.Ql openssl rand -hex 32
to generate a new key.
.It Va jail.inferface
.Pq Dq Li lo1
Network interface that will be assigned to jails. Should be configured
with an IP and a netmask (e.g. cloned in
.Xr rc.conf 5 ).
.El
.Ss Remaining Variables
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Va ace.dns-servers
.It Va ace.jailConf.
.Pq Dq Li osrelease=10.1-RELEASE-p9, securelevel=2
.It Va allow.autodiscovery
.Pq Dq Li on
.It Va allow.http
.Pq Dq Li off
.It Va allow.no-signature
.Pq Dq Li off
.It Va debug
.Pq Dq Li off
.It Va images.aci.compression
.Pq Dq Li xz
.It Va images.zfs.atime
.Pq Dq Li off
.It Va images.zfs.compress
.Pq Dq Li lz4
.It Va jail.namePrefix
.Pq Dq Li jetpack/
.It Va mds.keep-uid
.Pq Dq Li off
If on, metadata service won't try to change user ID, and internal
service check of
.Xr jetpack 1
won't check for correct UID.
.It Va mds.logfile
Path to log file of the metadata service. If left unset or set to
.Dq Li - ,
the metadata service will log to the standard error. If set to
.Dq Li /dev/null
or
.Dq Li none ,
then log messages of the metadata service will be discarded. The
metadata service will open the log file before setting UID to
.Va mds.user .
.It Va mds.pidfile
If set, medatada service will save its uid in the named file. The
metadata service will write the pid file before setting UID to
.Va mds.user ,
and will
.Em not
remove this file on exit (it won't be possible because of the lower
UID).
.It Va mds.port
.Pq Dq Li 1104
Port for the metadata service to listen on. The metadata service will
start listening before setting UID to
.Va mds.user .
.It Va mds.user
.Pq Dq Li _jetpack
Metadata service will run as this user. Files written by
.Xr jetpack 1
will be made readable by this user's group.
.It Va path.libexec
.Pq Dq Li ${path.prefix}/libexec/jetpack
Directory containing helper binaries.
.It Va path.prefix
.Pq Dq Li /usr/local
Installation prefix. The default value may be changed during the build.
.It Va path.share
.Pq Dq Li ${path.prefix}/share/jetpack
Directory containing data files.
.It Va root.zfs.mountpoint
.Pq Dq Li /var/jetpack
Root directory for Jetpack runtime data
.El
